HTTP GET requests
GET requests are used to retrieve information from a given server using a URI. GET is one of the most common HTTP methods and should only be used to
retrieve information while having no other effect on the data.

Responses to HTTP request traffic can be inspected for information such as status codes, which indicate whether a request has been successful or not, 
along with information about why a request may or may not have been successful.

HTTP data can be zeroed down on using the http Wireshark Display Filter.

  TCP streams

    TCP streams are blocks of data sent from an application to TCP. In Wireshark, you are able to view these streams in the way that the application 
    layer sees it. This can be extremely useful when analysing and understanding traffic within Wireshark because it allows you to read and extract crucial pieces of data/information easily.

In order to filter by a specific TCP stream in Wireshark, you can use the following filter:

  tcp.stream eq 1
-------------------------
Private Key Decryption
Wireshark supports TLS decryption as long as appropriate secrets are provided. There are two applicable methods to achieve this:

Decrypting Wireshark traffic with a private key involves a few steps.

  The key pieces of information you need to decrypt traffic using an RSA private key are:

    IP address: the IP address of the host which holds the private key used to decrypt the data, and serves the certificate.
    Port: the destination port used to communicate with the host that holds the private key.
    Protocol: the upper-level protocol being encrypted by SSL/TLS, for example, the protocol being encrypted over an HTTPS connection is HTTP.
    Key file: location of the corresponding key file.
    Password: the passphrase used to protect the private key file.
    
In order to decrypt Wireshark traffic using an RSA private key, you need to edit some preference settings in Wireshark. This can be achieved by
navigating to Edit > Preferences > Protocols > TLS > RSA keys list.

When the additional dialogue box pops up, fill in the relevant details and then hit ‘OK’.


